hello out there from JVC we just wanted
to make a short video to show you how to
connect an Android phone or smart device
to JVC's kwv 30 BT and kwv 50 BT in -
multimedia receivers using MHL and hdmi
technology the first part of connecting
is pairing up the cell phone or smart
device with the JVC receiver and this is
done by going into the bluetooth menu
and locating the JVC receiver inside of
the phone's menu system so once it's
located in the pairing process is
initiated there'll be a confirmation on
the phone's menu as well as the
receivers menu and after that it will be
paired up
be sure the source is set to AV off
before entering the settings menu then
select the HOME key on the faceplate hit
settings hit the system tab in the top
right hand corner select app setup
select app connection setup and we want
to go ahead and change because we're
going to change this to the Android
configuration hit next
select the HDMI option select the phone
that you have previously paired with the
receiver go ahead and hit done and then
the back key to return to the AV menu
screen
now it's time to connect the smart
device to the receiver we're using a
samsung galaxy s3 here the Samsung
devices note in the instruction manual
do require an extra part which is the
Samsung five pin to eleven pin MHL tip
adapter most MHL phones do not require
this adapter however and you can simply
use the JVC KSU 61 accessory to connect
the phone to the HDMI port on the back
of the receiver now the pairing and
setup is complete Hiep the apps tab in
your source menu then agree to the props
on the screen and after a few seconds of
initialization the process will be
complete and the receiver with connected
Android will be ready to use
you
if you have any issues connecting your
device to the JVC receiver here are some
tips that may be able to help you out
first check the smartphone or tablet
device specifications you're using to
make sure they meet the technology
requirements of the JVC MHL receiver
also you may want to try unplugging and
plugging in your smart device
initializing the Bluetooth feature by
going to settings system Bluetooth setup
hitting page down twice and then
selecting initialize or initialize the
stereo and repeat
you can initialize the receiver by going
to settings system page down hold down
initialize and then use the pinhole
reset key on the front of the faceplate
to initialize and reset the head unit
for further information on setup steps
and phone specifications needed to work
with these JVC receivers complete setup
instructions are available at partners
JVC comm forward slash mobile for
additional assistance you can also
contact our JVC mobile dealer support
line at nine fifty six nine nine two
zero nine nine six when the audio
prompts are heard simply dial extension
four and it will take you to a JVC
mobile dealer Support Specialists once
again thank you for watching and we hope
this video helped you answer some
questions about connecting your Android
smart device to JVC's kwv 30 bt or kwv
50 bt in-dash multimedia MHL receivers
you